Add margin prop to Divider (#1614)
iTwin/stratakit: apps/website/src/content/docs/components/mui/Divider.md

:::

### Margin

> By default, **Divider** does not include any margins. Setting `margin=true` will add x1 space before and after the divider.

Reviewer: `margin=true` is invalid syntax, and the exact space value doesn't need to be mentioned (it's implementation detail).

```suggestion
The `margin` prop can be set to include some space before and after the **Divider**.
```

Author: Updated in https://github.com/iTwin/stratakit/pull/1614/commits/9ac26be9f2f1a8155dd32d622f7c5bebef6d6cb4
